I think a major misconception about the Navy is that the leadership barking
orders and being snotty to everybody. I feel like the Navy and
to some degree in the Marine Corps are much more management oriented.
Your commanding officer in the junior officers and the senior petty
officers and senior NCOs over you are there to try to make your job
useful and to keep you in good shape and your morale up. So I think
it is a misconception that everybody in the military is marked net
that just harsh treatment to end up high display there's a lot more
it's more team spirit much more a quarterback in the huddle then the
drill instructors screaming at you on the drill field and that's
that's been my experience and I think a lot of people still make that
mistake largely driven by movies who seemed invariably characterized
lawsuits as stupid and malicious and evil and violent people and
that's just not been my experience with